Fix fetch incidents Blueliv Threat Compass (#32102)
demisto/content: Packs/BluelivThreatCompass/ReleaseNotes/1_0_12.md

#### Integrations

##### Blueliv ThreatCompass

> -   **Fetch incidents** refactorization, the API use page approach instead offset
> -   Fix default order parameter value in search endpoint
> -   Updated the Docker image to: _demisto/python3:3.10.13.84405_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Fixed an issue where **Fetch incidents** failed due to usage of deprecated query params.
-   Note: **Fetch incidents** will now return results in ascending order rather than descending.
-   Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.84405*.
```

#### Integrations

##### Blueliv ThreatCompass

-   Fixed an issue where **Fetch incidents** failed due to usage of deprecated query params.
-   Note: **Fetch incidents** will now return results in ascending order rather than descending.
-   Updated the Docker image to: _demisto/python3:3.10.13.84405_.

> Note: [API Documentation used](https://safe.sur.ly/o/apidocs.blueliv.com/AA000014?pageviewId=desktop-302e323731323432303020313730343935343131322031363737383539303635))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I meant to move it to the PR description section.
